# Minimizing my wasteful web presence

2023-08-09


n an effort to minimize my wasteful web presence, I have shifted a few things around. I used to own 8 domains, and only really used two of them for something I used daily: futurist.city and futurist.pub. I also keep jordanreger.com around for "historical purposes" (I've had it since I was 7). Today, though, all of that changes. I will not be renewing any of the following domains:

- 2jr.co (2023-12-15)
- crate.land (2024-02-04)
- feeds.land (2023-11-09)
- futurist.city (2024-01-24)
- futurist.pub (2024-06-21)
- glasskit.dev (2024-03-04)
- xfxc.net (2024-07-14)

2jr.co was a short domain for me to have links to blog posts, social media, etc. I don't use it anymore. crate.land was a project built on Deno that spawned native webviews from JavaScript. feeds.land was a web-based RSS feed reader that used local storage to store your feeds. futurist.city is a pubnix (we'll get back to this in a second). futurist.pub is an activitypub server. glasskit.dev is my Google Glass revival project (we'll also talk about this one in a second). xfxc.net was a... uh... well, it sounded cool.

The point I'm making here is that a large portion of the domains I own are useless. Not only is this expensive on my part, it's technically domain-squatting: something I don't agree with. Let's talk about jordanreger.com really quick: chances are you're reading this post on there. That's because this domain will stay with me hopefully for the rest of my life. futurist.city is a pubnix, as I mentioned, one that I quite like maintaining. Well, as of a couple days ago I migrated it to an Alpine Linux VM and consequently named it fjall.net. This is my do-it-all domain from now on. fjall.net will be the futurist.city pubnix but will host projects, software, and more. I chose to move it to a new domain because it's cheaper, shorter, and I feel happy with it (meaning I won't be tempted to buy a new one). glasskit.dev has moved to a [Sourcehut wiki](https://man.sr.ht/~jordanreger/Glasskit) and will remain there. futurist.pub will be shutting down at the end of its renew cycle.

So, at the end of the day, I will only be keeping jordanreger.com and fjall.net. They are both hosted on the same VM, which saves money but also consolidates the development to just one place. Everything else has either found a new home or will be shut down at the end of it's lifecycle. The direction of fjall.net will be determined sooner than later, but for now, it will just stay as my personal VM and will eventually expand into a pubnix.

I hope that by doing this I can cut down on my wasteful web presence.
