# Rethinking this blog

2023-10-05


I am not very good at keeping my writings around for long. I wrote about this a while back and then moved from that blog a few weeks later. [Ironic...](https://jr.smol.pub/digital-preservation)

Anyways, I'm tired of writing about technology, most specifically programming languages and problems with the software engineering community/industry. This runs much deeper than this blog - I am tired of engineering completely, honestly. I am an engineer in most every way but I'm not sure I am cut out for engineering as a practice. I've followed aerospace, mechanical, and now software engineering and I am at my wit's end. I love solving problems but I cannot stand the environment, the lifelessness in the actual practice, and the constant pursuit of a product that will inevitably take advantage of the end-user in some way. It's not worth it to me anymore. Being in school for it specifically has exemplified this feeling - It cost me $8000, which may be worth it in the long run. I just want to be happy; not some prodigy, not a typical suburban white male, etc. I want to minimize my footprint to a minimum. I want to be happy and share that with other people. I want nothing else.

I apologize for the extreme tangent, but the aforementioned feelings are what have led to this decision. I want to write more about what I'm learning, what I'm listening to, what bikes I ride and where I'm going, coffee, photography, you name it. I may still include little tech things like my Google Glass or other little projects, but besides that, no tech. I hope this serves us all well.
